Our standard check-in time is 3:00 PM. If you need to check in earlier, please let us know and we will do our best to accommodate your request

Our standard check-out time is 11:00 AM. If you need a later check-out time, please contact our front desk to make arrangements

In order to modify your reservation, please call our reservation office at +43 509 9118 000 or call the hotel directly. Either way we will do our best to accommodate your needs

We do offer room service in all properties. Please contact the reception to be connected to the room service department

All our properties do have a fitness center

Breakfast is always included

We allow pets in our hotel for an additional fee. Please contact us at +43 509 9118 000 to arrange for pet-friendly accommodations

Most properties have dedicated parking spaces. Indoor parking is charged 10 Euro per day
Our loyalty program is called Spirit Club. Link https://www.falkensteiner.com/en/spirit-club-overview

Our receiption will certanly do whatever possible to accommodate your need (late check-out). Please inform our reception as soon as possible

We accept debit and credit cards for online payments. In case of pre-payment we can also accept bank transfers. At check-out we accept debit and credit cards and cash

There is not a dress code for the restaurant. Out motto is Welcome Home!

Smoking is not allowed anywhere inside our hotels. Smoking areas are placed outside in marked areas

There is a limit to the number of people allowed in a room, and it depends on the room. During the booking process it will always be clear how many people are allowed in the same room

We love to give the top possible comfort. Our hotels are well know for being quite and peaceful

Of course you can request a room with a view, and our staff will do their best to make you happy

WiFi is always free

Our rooms do have all the comforts, and housekeeping will do their best to help you in case your forgot something at home

Once at the hotel, you can call receiption anytime or pay a visit to the Wellness Center yourself for a spa treatment

If early check-in is possible, you won't be charged

Smoking cannabis is not allowed anywhere in the properties

Unless you are visiting one of our hotels which do not accept guests below 14 years old, there is no mimum age

You can welcome your visitors as you please. If possilble, please make sure receiption is aware your are expect visitors

Of course you can request a wake-up call. Reception will set it up in the system in a split second

There is not a charge for room delivery service

Our rooms have mini bars already, putting an additional refrigerator in the room won’t be possible. However, if you have perishable items with you which won't fit in the mini-bar, our personall will help you gladly

Once at the hotel, our receiption will be happy to assist and arrange either a public taxi or a private transfer where possible

Of course you can request an extra bed or crib in your room. Feel free to specify this request during the booking process, or anytime before check-in

Please speak to receiption or concierge directly and they will be happy to assist to booking a private airport shuttle service

Shoud you damage anything at the hotel, we would appreciate you reporting the inconvenience to the reception at the earliest occasion

All our properties have elevators

Our WiFi network is designed to manage all required connections, and you will be able to enjoy your complentary Internet access without hassle

To request a room service you can dial the room service direct number and place your order there

About the policy on outside food and drinks in the room you can bring along whatever you pleaase. Remember: it's Welcome Home!

All our rooms are non-smoking, therefore you will get one without even asking

Our properties have a safe in each room, and there is no fee for using it

Falkensteiner Hotels & Residences takes no responsibility for any lost or stolen items

Our hotel offers a range of amenities including a swimming pool, fitness center, spa, and restaurant. We also provide complimentary Wi-Fi and parking for our guests

Our front desk is staffed 24 hours a day so you can check in at any time

We offer a range of vegetarian and vegan options on our menu. Please let our server know about any dietary restrictions you have, either at booking time or once at the hotel

We can accommodate special meal requests or create a custom menu for your event. Please contact our reservation center at +43 509 9118 000

